(Amy): Previously on Doc.
- Rachel had a mammogram
and they found a mass.
- So. that's why
you left early.
- She asked me
not to tell anyone.
- Should I expect you
to bring in some weasel
to start sniffing
around about us?
- We'll let you know.
- I have MDS.
And next week will be my last.
- What happened. Michael?
(Michael): We lost Danny.
- And I blamed you for it.
- Part of you still loves Mom.
- Part of me always will.
- Relationship falls apart.
people reach for things
to make it hurt less.
I reached for work.
Your father reached
for someone else.
(heavy breathing)
(tense music)
(heavy breathing continues)
(gasping)
(hyperventilating)
(theme music)
- Morning.
You leaving already?
- Well. it's a long drive.
Wanna get on the road early.
- You're anxious?
- I... it's just weird.
I mean. one minute she's
this tiny. little baby.
looking up at me
with her giant eyes.
and now. she's--
- Well. it is just orientation.
You've still got three months
before she takes off. so...
- Minimize all you want.
You blink and Mia will be
off to college. too.
- Wow. how dare you
say that to me?
You know I'm still recovering
from her first day of school.
- I am just taking
you down with me.
In the boyfriend
job description.
that's near the top of the list.
- Right after honesty. I guess.
(sighing)
- I'm fine. Jake.
We're fine.
- You need a lift
over to Michael's?
- Oh. they don't know about us.
so they could see you.
- Right.
- You lock up. okay?
- Yeah.
- See you in a couple of days.
(Michael):
You brought layers. right?
It's gonna be even
colder in Chicago.
- I've been packing for myself
for like a decade.
And the last time
we took a trip.
you forgot shoes.
so maybe relax.
- Hey. I am cool as the other
side of the pillow. girl.
- Yeah. right.
(knocking)
- Hi!
- Hey. Mom!
- Good morning.
- Are you excited?
- To get there? Yes.
The drive? Not so much.
- Come on!
What could be better
than six hours in the car
with your two favorite people?
- Right. Just glad
I have my phone.
- Ugh. Oh my God.
you're being the snarky
teenager to push us away
because you're actually really
sad you're leaving. Right?
- Nice try. Mom. And let's go!
I want to get there!
(rhythmic music)
(Michael): Last week
she was four years old
and I was teaching her
to tie her shoe.
- Tell me about it.
- Yeah. I'm sure all of this
is even harder for you.
'cause you missed so much.
How you doing with Joan?
That can't be easy either.
- I doubt she's gonna
live through the year.
I just hope she repairs
things with Ethan.
(deep inhale)
And now you have to find someone
to sit in that chair again.
- I wish you were ready.
- Oh?
You think I could do that job
without making people
hate me this time?
- I have no doubt.
But at least you'll
be Chief Resident.
- I've learned not
to count my chickens.
- Oh. come on.
Sonya's great but she's not you.
No one's you.
- Come on. Amy.
Can you please just admit
that you like the bartender
so we go can stalk him openly?
- I'm not stalking him!
- Then what are we doing here?
- This is a recon mission.
To see if he even likes me.
- If he didn't like you.
he wouldn't give us
free drinks every time.
- Maybe he's into you!
- I would hit that.
He's hot!
Uh. but he likes you.
- You think?
- Any idea what his name is?
- I am told it's Michael.
- Oh. so you've been doing
some recon without me.
- Don't be offended.
- I'm not.
- Gina!
- Enough of this!
We're doing it.
(clearing throat)
- Welcome back.
- Okay.
Which one of us do you like?
- You.
I like you.
- This is Amy.
And my work here is done.
- Hi.
(Michael): Coffee shop ahead.
You wanna stop?
Amy?
- Sorry. Did you say something?
- You want a coffee?
- No. I'm good.
Did you wanna stop?
(Katie): No way!
Sorry. Annie just snapped
the craziest selfie.
- Who's Annie?
- I think they met in
the accepted student chat group.
It's hard to keep track.
- Oh. I almost forgot!
I made a playlist
of songs from the old days.
You think you can tolerate that?
- Connect it to the Bluetooth.
(♪ A Little Bit
by Jessica Simpson plays)
- Do you remember this?
You used to have to
hear this every day
on the way to school.
- I'm snapping with my friends.
- You don't need
ear pods for that.
- And scrolling social.
- Wow. that seems like
productive multitasking.
- I can leave one ear bud out.
- Much appreciated.
(automated voice):
Message from Jake.
Would you like me to read it?
- Oh. my God. yes!
- "Made reservation
for Sunday night.
Miss you already."
(sighs)
- Who's that?
- Uh...
- I had a pretty good feeling.
- Feeling about what?
What are you guys talking about?
(automated voice): Second new
message from Jake. Read it?
- No!
- Maybe I'll just turn
off the Bluetooth.
- Mom?
- I'm dating someone.
- Seriously?
- Mm-hmm.
- Who?
- Jake Heller. From work.
He's the Chief Resident.
I'm pretty sure you've met.
- How long have
you been together?
- Uh. a few months
before the accident
and since then. for a while.
- So... before
you were his boss?
- Yes.
And now he's my boss.
So it evens out.
- Wow. isn't he pretty young?
- He's not that young.
And it's not 1950.
- He's a good guy. Katie.
- But I haven't seen
anything of his.
Like at the condo.
- No. we were trying
to be discreet.
- 'Cause you thought
I couldn't handle it?
- No! I just wanted...
(sighs)
something for myself...
I guess.
- You guess?
(soft tense music)
Do you guys have cell reception?
- No.
(Michael): We're in the forest.
You think you can handle
being off your phone
for 20 minutes?
- Oh. not if she
has to talk to us.
- I think I can handle it.
For 20 minutes.
- Katie. Katie. look.
It's Wyalusing.
- That place we went camping?
(Michael): Yep.
- Can we check it out?
- Really?
It's so cold!
- Come on. it'll be fun.
- I thought we wanted
to get to Chicago early.
- I have good memories
of it. Mom. With Danny.
- Oh. sorry.
I don't remember. Obviously.
- Just a quick stop.
(hopeful music)
- At least one other
person's brave enough
to be out here today.
- You know. last time.
I think we camped
by a stream down one
of these trails.
- Yeah. It was that trailhead
there. I'm sure of it.
- Oh. yeah.
I think you're right.
(hopeful music continues)
- That whole Jake thing
kind of threw her. huh?
- I think every kid wants their
parents to get back together.
- I just hope she doesn't
think that's the only way
we can be okay.
- I'm sure it'll just take
her some time to adjust.
Hey. I have something
else to tell you.
I decided to sell the house.
- Really?
- Yeah.
- Does Katie know?
I mean. she's leaving. so...
- Yeah. Of course.
- When you moved out. you had
no interest in the house so. I--
- Yeah. No. I. just. um...
Yeah. just surprised me.
that's all.
- Sorry. sure it brings up
some pretty big feelings.
- You don't have to be sorry.
It can't be easy
that my accident
changed all the rules for you.
- Well. when it comes
time to clean it out...
we can pack up
Danny's room together.
If that's what you want.
- It-it will be. Thanks.
- What's wrong with people?
There's a garbage can
right here!
- You're gonna change
the world. kiddo!
(pensive music)
I think it's
another mile to the top.
- Look. I can't
believe her stamina.
My legs are burning!
- Oh. my God!
I think this leads to the spot
where Danny and I
tried to build a dam!
- It's so good to
see her like this.
Talking about Danny with joy.
- Yeah. we did a lot of work
on that. In therapy.
- Yeah? I never did thank you.
For being there for her.
For raising her.
- Oh. c'mon. It wasn't just me--
- No. it was.
When it mattered.
you were there.
I wasn't.
And she's amazing.
- I won't argue
with the amazing part.
- Mom! Dad!
- Sir!
Sir! Can you hear me?
Can you open your eyes?
(Amy): Is he conscious?
- No. but he's
responsive to pain.
Pulse is weak.
And there's a head wound.
Must be what knocked him out.
(grunting)
- His airway's open.
He's breathing.
- What do you think
happened to him?
- His pupils are equal.
There's no seizure activity.
- Still no signal.
- If we didn't have
a signal on the road.
we won't have any
in these woods.
His name's Cody Hansen.
No pre-existing
medical conditions
indicated on the license.
- Do you think he'll be
all right. Mom?
- I don't know yet
but he's getting hypothermic.
- What does that mean?
- Means that if we don't get
him warmed up
and inside that cabin.
his heart will stop.
- We don't know if he has
any internal injuries.
- I know. We have to be very
careful when we move him.
- Take this.
(door shutting)
- Doesn't look like
anyone's been here in a while.
- We gotta warm him up fast.
- Even once we warm him up...
there's no way we can
carry him to the trailhead.
So one of us is gonna
have to go for help.
- I'll do it.
- No.
It's freezing and it's not
an easy trail to remember.
- Dad. I can do this.
- His pulse is weak.
and he's freezing.
If his heart does stop.
we're gonna need
two doctors here.
- I'm not gonna have
a panic attack.
if that's what you're thinking.
- Well. how do you know that?
- Because it's only cued
by emotional stuff.
This is physical.
I'm strong. and I'll be fine.
- She'll be okay.
- Okay. there's a gas station
about 15 miles south.
You could get help there.
But if you go north.
we had cell service.
like 10 miles back.
You should be able
to call for help.
That's probably faster.
- When you call the paramedics.
give them his name. his age.
and his address.
Maybe they can
find out his blood type
and any other medical
information they might have.
- Don't worry. I'm gonna run.
I'll be at the car in.
like. 20 minutes.
- Be safe.
- Love you.
See you soon.
(door closing)
(tense music)
(heavy breathing)
His pulse is weaker.
We are gonna need a fire
to warm him up.
- This wood seems pretty dry.
It'll make a good one
if we can get a spark.
- I guess a lighter would be
too much to hope for.
(sighing)
- We have two matches.
Let's hope they weren't wet.
(sniffling)
(sighs)
Okay.
Here it goes.
(sighing)
(tense music)
Ow.
(chuckling)
- Nice.
- All right.
- Michael.
Come here.
Smell his breath.
(tense music)
- Smells like alcohol.
- Yeah.
- Probably have a flask on him.
- But if it was alcohol.
I would've smelled it
when I stabilized his neck.
(tense music)
He's been injecting himself
with something.
- He may be diabetic.
- What if he's diabetic?
- It's insulin.
His blood sugar's low.
that's why he's in a coma.
- He's gonna seize
if we don't get him sugar fast.
- I can't believe he didn't
bring any chocolates or candy.
There was a trash can.
Katie put that beer can in it.
Maybe there's
something in there.
(panting)
(gasping for air)
(tense music)
- No. No. no. no.
Cody! Breathe!
Breathe!
(sighs)
(heavy breathing)
(gasping)
- He stopped breathing?
- Yeah. he's back but without
sugar. he's gonna--
- I got some. It's frozen
but I can melt it down.
- Look. he's still unconscious.
That liquid's gonna go straight
into his lungs.
- I know. But I can
make it into a syrup.
then we rub it over his gums.
- Okay.
(breathing heavily)
- Ow!
(heavy breathing)
(sobbing)
(hyperventilating)
- His heart rate's dropping.
How much longer?
- It's thick enough now.
I just want to cool it down
so it doesn't burn his mouth.
Okay. we're good.
(soft music)
(gasping for air)
- I made a wrong turn.
But I will go back
and I will find the way.
There is no question.
I can recover from this mistake.
(panting)
(breathing steadies)
- You know. you're not
the only one
who wants to lock her in her
room and keep her safe forever.
- Wanting to
and actually doing it
are two different things.
(chuckling)
(sighing)
I've kind of smothered her.
In the years since. uh...
- I hope you don't still
blame yourself for the museum.
- Of course I do.
- And now you think
you can anticipate
every bad thing that
could possibly happen to her.
as long as you hold on tight.
- Something like that.
- It's a useful skill
for running a hospital.
Maybe even being a doctor.
It's not a good way
to go through life.
- I'm well aware.
- I guess it's
a hackneyed cliché
to say you have to
forgive yourself.
- "Hackneyed" and "cliché"
mean the same thing.
- Right.
- But I appreciate it.
Coming from you.
- How come we didn't just sell
the house after he died?
- I wanted to.
You wouldn't engage.
And then after you left.
Katie didn't
want any more change.
so we stayed.
- That must have made it
really hard for you.
- Actually. it's...
It's the good memories
that make it harder.
The Fourth of July parties.
Sleeping...
under the stars in the backyard.
Arguing with Danny about
whether the Milky Way
is a galaxy or a candy bar.
- That doesn't seem like
you have any choice.
You can't move on there.
(melancholic music)
- How long since you
got him breathing again?
- Uh. nine minutes.
- And how's his pulse?
- Uh. we gotta give it a...
Wait.
His heart rate's rising.
- Really?
- Great work. Michael!
Amazing!
- If we're right.
he should wake up soon.
- We're gonna need some water.
I'll get some snow.
(tense music)
(panting)
(soft music)
(sighing)
- His pulse is strong
but his hands are still cold.
I mean. he should
be warm by now.
- Maybe the heat
isn't getting to his core.
- Or he's losing blood
internally. going into shock.
(tense music)
(wheezing)
- You hear that?
That. like. high-pitched wheeze?
There.
Do you see that bulge
compressing his trachea?
That's a hematoma.
Look. it's expanding.
- He must be bleeding into it.
We need to drain it.
- Oh. we can use
his insulin needle.
(sniffling)
Ugh. my hands are still numb.
I can't get a good grip.
- Give it to me.
- You haven't touched
a patient in years.
- Well. neither one
of us has aspirated
a hematoma in
a log cabin before.
Give it to me.
(sighs)
- Wait. I don't...
I don't like your angle.
You're working around
the sternocleidomastoid.
and if I tip his head back.
you'll have a clearer shot.
- Well. we still don't know
the extent of his injuries.
If he has a broken bone
in his neck.
flexing it
could sever his spinal cord.
- If we don't drain
this hematoma.
he's not gonna live
long enough to find out.
(sighing)
(wheezing)
There.
Go deeper.
(Michael): Got it.
- Good.
His trachea's relaxing.
His breathing sounds better.
- Let's hope when he wakes up
he can still move
his arms and legs.
(breathing heavily)
(tense music)
(car beeps)
- Glucose is getting
well absorbed.
- His pulse is good. too.
- He should've
come out of it by now.
- Unless we're wrong.
and he does have a brain injury.
- No way.
- Glad you're so confident.
- I'm gonna have more faith
in the world today.
I found an engagement ring.
It was in his backpack.
- Michael?
What if he wasn't alone?
I mean. guys don't carry
these around unless
they're gonna do something
with them. right?
Maybe that's why he didn't
have any food with him.
- Of course. because there was
someone else with him.
With their own backpack.
(tense music)
(sighing)
- Hello!
Is anyone out there?
Hello!
(soft music)
- You okay?
- Yeah. fine.
It was a false positive.
Guess that's good. right?
I mean. it's not like we
lost something. right?
We never had it.
- Why don't we get you
out of here?
- Yeah.
I'm sorry.
I don't know why I'm upset.
I mean. this wasn't
what we planned
and I-I don't know.
I don't know
what's wrong with me.
- There's nothing
wrong with you. Amy.
Everything is right with you.
(sighs)
- I'm sure this isn't how
you wanted to do this.
- Michael--
- Or where you wanted to do
this.
and I know we've only been
together 6 months.
but any time I think about
the rest of my life--
- Michael. please. Get up.
(melancholic music)
I know you planned on doing this
because you're
an amazing. stand-up guy
who would never run
away from his responsibilities
and now you're
probably carried away
in the moment and thinking
that I'm upset and--
- That's not what this is.
I love you--
- I love you. too.
But I'm not...
I'm not saying. "Never."
I'm just saying. "Not now."
(coughing)
Cody.
Hi Cody.
How are you feeling?
(breathing heavily)
- Where... where am I?
- You're in a cabin.
near the trail.
You hit your head.
Do you remember what
happened to you?
- We crashed in the snowmobile.
- The good thing for you
is I'm a doctor.
So can you wiggle
your toes for me?
(groaning softly)
That's good.
And now your fingers?
(groans)
Good. that's great.
- Where's Rina?
- Is that your girlfriend?
- Did you find her?
- My husband. my... uh. yeah.
he went to look for her.
Tell me what happened.
- I hit a tree.
Her leg was all messed up.
I walked down here
to get help.
- No. no. no. no. you... hey!
- She needs help!
- You can't get up.
If you move--
- Her leg was bent.
- Listen to me.
Until we get X-rays. we don't
know how badly hurt you are.
So I need you to stay calm
and be still.
- She's still up there.
- Listen to me.
My daughter was with us.
She's 18. she's very
competent and very tough.
And she ran to get help.
So the ambulance will
be here really soon.
- But she was in so much pain
and it's so cold.
- And I told you. my husband
went to look for her.
And he will find her
and he'll bring her back here.
(Michael): Hello?
(distant voice): Help me!
(tense music)
- It's okay. It's gonna be okay.
My name is Michael Hamda.
I'm a doctor.
What's your name?
- Rina.
- Okay. Rina. I'm just gonna
check your pulse first. Okay?
(breathing shakily)
- Cody found you? Where is he?
- Yeah. he found us
down the trail.
We're gonna get you to him.
Now. let me have
a look at this leg.
- Think that's
the main attraction.
- Oh. sense of humor intact.
You got that going for you.
(groaning)
(sighs)
Okay. your ankle's dislocated.
It's probably broken too.
There's no pulse in your foot.
which means the artery
is crimped off.
- Sounds bad.
- I just need you
to brace yourself. Okay?
- Should I count to three?
- Yeah.
Here we go. One...
(bone cracking. screaming)
Sorry.
- You didn't make it to two!
- It was the best way
to have you not flinch.
Now. I'm just gonna
make you a splint. Okay?
(grunting)
- Out of that?
- Trust me.
(operator)
911. What's your emergency?
- Hi. Um. I was hiking
with my family.
and we found someone
hurt on the trail.
His name is Cody Hansen.
He's 29.
(operator): Okay. dear.
Are you all right?
- Yeah. I'm fine.
(Operator):
And what's your name?
- I'm Katie.
(operator): Okay. Katie. I'm
Candace. and I'm gonna help yo.
Just a few questions:
Are you with Cody now?
- No. I had to hike
up the trail to get a signal.
I'm like 12 miles up the road
from the trailhead.
(operator): And where is he?
- I can't really describe it.
It's up the Sentinel
Ridge Trail a ways.
Can you send a helicopter?
(operator): Trees are
too thick to land there.
We can send an ambulance.
but the paramedics
would have to hike in.
- I can lead them
to where he is!
(operator): Okay. Can you meet
the ambulance at the trail?
- Yes.
(operator): Nearest one's
about 40 minutes out.
They'll see you there.
- Oh. and if you could try to
look up his medical records.
My parents are doctors
and they said you could find
some information
that would be helpful.
(operator): And it's just the
one injured person?
Is that right?
Just Cody?
- Yeah. Just Cody.
- Rina. Rina?
(weakly): Yeah.
- Gotta stay with me. okay?
(Rina): So cold.
- I know.
But we have a fire
at the cabin. so just hold on.
- I'm here. Just-just tired.
- I know.
That's why I need you
to talk to me.
Tell me where Cody is.
- Cody?
- Say it with me. Rina.
Cody's at the cabin.
- Uh-huh.
- Cody's at the cabin!
Rina. say it!
- C-Cody's... at the cabin.
- Good.
- He was--
- Keep talking.
- He thinks I don't know.
- Don't know what?
- About the ring.
- That's great.
Now tell me what kind
of wedding you want.
- I don't care.
- Sure you do.
Big? Small? Outdoors?
Hotel ballroom?
(panting)
- Romantic.
- Oh. there's nothing
like a wedding. Rina.
The promise of
your whole life ahead of you.
(Amy): I do.
- All your hopes and dreams.
everyone you love
there to cheer you on.
- That's nice.
(Michael): You're gonna
have a life with Cody.
A long life.
Say it.
(weakly): A long life.
- And kids? You want kids?
- Yeah.
- How many?
Come on. Rina!
How many kids do you want?
At least two. right?
One of each. A boy and a girl.
That's the best.
Oh. come on. Please. Rina.
Stay with me. Rina!
(Cody groaning)
- What if this is the universe
sending us a message?
I mean.
if ever there was a sign
that we're cursed.
- I don't think
the universe sends us signs.
Things happen.
and we decide
what we make of it.
- And if your husband
doesn't find her in time?
Or your daughter
doesn't find her way out
of the woods to get us help?
- You can't think
like that. Cody.
You can't.
- Your daughter.
She didn't even know
Rina was hurt. right?
When she left?
They're only gonna send
one ambulance.
(tense music)
(sighing)
(deep exhale)
(sighs)
(ominous music)
(car beeping)
- Oh.
(panting)
- It's my fault
we were even here.
She's the one
who loves snowmobiling.
that's why I wanted
to do it here.
- She's not going to die. Cody.
My husband will figure it out.
- You can't know that.
- I know one thing.
He never gives up.
If something is important
to him. he is relentless.
(panting)
No matter what's
thrown in his way.
- Sounds like
you really love him.
- There's nothing better
than a good marriage. Cody.
If you can stay with it
and work through the hard times.
there is nothing better.
And you are gonna have that.
With an amazing story
of how it started.
- What's your story?
With your husband?
- Rina?
- She's hypothermic.
Right ankle dislocation.
Status post reduction
in the field.
- Rina! Rina?
Is she gonna be okay?
- She'll be okay!
- Rina?
She's... you said she was fine.
Rina. talk to me. okay?
Rina. it's okay. baby!
I love you!
- Let me get her leg up.
- She's not staying!
Rina. talk to me. please!
- Michael. you need that.
Give us a minute. Cody.
He got her here just in time.
(heavy breathing)
(phone ringing)
(operator): 911.
What's your emergency?
- Hey. why is she still asleep?
It's been like 25 minutes.
- It's just taking her body
a little while to recover.
It's normal. Cody.
(sighing)
- I should have known
when I saw that ring.
It cost us so much time.
- No. Michael.
You saved her.
(soft music)
(ambulance siren blaring)
(hopeful music)
(siren blaring in the distance)
Do you hear that?
- Yeah.
- If there's only one ambulance.
she gets it. Okay?
- C-Cody?
- Rina!
I love you. baby.
I love you so much!
- I love you too!
- It's okay.
there's help coming.
It's almost here.
- It's just through there!
(Michael): Katie!
- Thank God!
- Second victim's female.
early 30s.
- Joint dislocation.
The status post
reduction in the field.
- Name?
- Rina Simmons. 32 years old.
- Hi. Rina.
Any underlying conditions?
- No.
- Do you know your blood type?
- A-negative.
- How did you know we needed
two ambulances?
- Two coats in the car.
When I saw that. I got back
on the highway to call 911.
- Brookens. stay on the leg.
Trammel. C-collar
and backboard for him!
- Both suffered from
hypothermia. now rewarmed.
- Good job. docs.
Almost as good as the kid.
- We never doubted her.
- We made it. baby.
You see that?
We're gonna be okay.
We made it.
- Cody. do you want
to take this with you
or do you want us
to bring it to you later?
(soft music)
- Hospital's not the most
romantic place.
but I'm not waiting.
- Don't wait.
It doesn't matter
where you do it.
The romantic part
comes from here.
- I just hope that I can have
a family like yours someday.
(light music)
(indistinct chatter)
- Hey.
- Hey!
- All checked in?
- Mm-hmm.
I met my host.
She's from Minneapolis too.
she actually lives
like three miles from us.
- That's nice!
- Assuming you like her.
- I'm always
gonna need you guys.
You know that. right?
- We're always gonna
be there for you.
Oh. this is gonna be so
good for you. Come here.
(Katie): It's just
orientation. right?
(chuckling)
- Katie Hamda?
- Annie!
- Oh. you're finally here!
Oh. come meet everyone.
you're gonna love them.
- Okay.
- See you tomorrow!
- Call us if you need anything!
I guess she's ready.
- Yeah.
- What are we
supposed to do now?
- Pretty sure the parents
are supposed to drink.
- Well. I gotta say.
you were pretty impressive
out there in the wilderness.
- It reminded me of my ER
rotation during residency.
- You had some
pretty crazy days
in the Internal
Medicine Unit too.
- I miss it.
I miss all of it.
- So. I don't remember
what made you veer
into the whole master of
the hospital universe. anyway.
- Besides needing to be in close
proximity to people like Max?
- You do a lot of good. Michael.
You do!
It is a thankless job
and you're great at it.
- Some days it's really hard
to tell what winning looks like.
- And you've got an ex-wife
who's a bit of an Achilles heel.
I mean. in the job department.
- Not just the job.
(inhaling deeply)
- So do you think Cody is gonna
propose at the hospital?
- It didn't work
very well for me.
- You got the girl in the end.
- I got the girl in
the beginning and the middle.
(sighing softly)
- I wish I understood better
why I ran away.
- You were always afraid
a part of you couldn't do it.
- I'm gonna grab a quick shower.
But the food should be
here in 10 minutes.
- I'm glad you're
staying for dinner.
- Me too.
- You want something to drink?
- Uh. no. I'm good.
(pensive music)
- So. when you
factor everything in.
the price makes sense.
This is the kind of place
you only buy once.
A forever home.
- Baby.
You don't like it?
- I love it.
I just never thought
that I would have all this.
I mean. a man like you.
a family.
a normal life.
- I know.
- If my mother could see me now.
- I think she'd be proud.
- I just don't...
want to make the same mistakes
that she did.
- You won't.
- I'm just so grateful for you.
And I'm really sorry
that I didn't say yes
that day. at the OB.
- You heard what
the realtor said.
It's a forever home.
(melancholic music)
(dial tone)
(Jake): Hey!
- Hey!
(Jake): So. how'd it go?
(Amy): Ah. it was an adventure.
- Yeah? 'Cause you didn't really
say much in your text.
- It's a long story.
I'll tell you when I see you.
- Okay. yeah.
Um. is Katie over there?
(Amy): No. She's at Michael's.
- Uh. okay.
Should I come over?
- Actually. I am so tired.
It was a long couple days.
- Yeah. yeah. Of course.
- Okay.
Well. I'll see you tomorrow.
(Jake): Yeah. yeah.
See you tomorrow.
You have a good night.
- Night.
(melancholic music)
Subtitling: difuze